# Version 2.1.0 ({{date.2_1_0}})

 [Install `pg_stat_monitor`](../install.md){.md-button}

## Release highlights

This release provides the following enhancements and fixes:

* The ability to [disable the application name tracking for a query](../configuration.md#pg_stat_monitorpgsm_track_application_names). This way you can optimize query execution performance.  
* New fields introduced in PostgreSQL 17 were added to `pg_stat_monitor` to ensure compatibility with it.
* Improved the behavior of topquery and topqueryid fields, so that `pg_stat_monitor` now treats and show queries with different parent queries as separate entries in the statistics table. 
* Fixed the integer overflow issues that caused server start failures.
* The support of PostgreSQL 11 is deprecated. Existing functionality in `pg_stat_monitor` remains compatible with PostgreSQL 11; however, further enhancements and bug fixes are no longer tested against this version.

## Improvements

* [PG-810](https://perconadev.atlassian.net/browse/PG-810) - Ensure compatibility of `pg_stat_monitor` with PostgreSQL 17
* [PG-644](https://perconadev.atlassian.net/browse/PG-644) - Add ability to disable the application name tracking in queries

## Bugs Fixed

* [PG-592](https://perconadev.atlassian.net/browse/PG-592) - Fixed the handling of topquery and topqueryid fields, so that `pg_stat_monitor` now treats and show queries with different parent queries as separate entries in the statistics table. 
* [PG-632](https://perconadev.atlassian.net/browse/PG-632) - Fixed the issue with the server failing to start if `pg_stat_monitor.pgsm_max` has the maximum value.